Include a drop down tile at the right to select request types (Access,Correction,Nomination,Erasure) where the default value selected will be “All Request Types “The dynamic listing table will always list new request first . Listing data table must have filter(status (include closed in filter),Assigned staff,Date, Request type, etc), search and page nation.
Clicking on on a listed item request row  will open a new tab (other than listing page,with RequestId as Tab header  showing every available details, changes and flow chart showing history of the request with time (for which create a “DPRequestHistory” table for requests and insert every changes with timestamp and role with userId(logged in user) also insert organizationId) . This details tab page should have an update button in the bottom right side.On clicking it will update  DPRequestHistory, DPRequests .Only Organization admin should be able change Request status( select from a dropdown)  and Assigned staff (dropdown with list of users in that organization)
User role in the organization should be able to change only the status of the request. Once the user selects “closed” status show an extra text box Closure Comments which should be a mandatory field. insert closure comments with closuredatetime in the db. Once request is in closed state do not allow to edit or change any data .All other fields in this page should be set to readonly.
For both modules if the CompletionDate in database is less than todays date,The requestes must be auto updated as Esclated and should be shown in Dashboard.
Dashboard also will have few changes according to the requests present in both modules 2 and 3. Remove all dummy data and work on creating a dynamic dashboard with information related to both request modules  graphs and datatable( details of escalated requests)  which will reflect the summary of actions inside mainly for admin dashboard. For user dashboard display pending items and new requests tagged to user in the dashboard also show items that are about to get escalated.
